[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 25]
Zhou Wan.
Do you...
Really have to join Lan Yue?
I have my reasons.
I'm sorry
For keeping you out so late
Without eating anything.
How about we eat something together?
If you park your car here,
The traffic police will tow it away.
Alright. It's getting late.
Just go back now.
Where did you just go?
I went to see a cute guy.
Think carefully before you speak.
What did you just do?
Jiang Yan and I
Went to visit his mother.
I was afraid you'd overthink,
So I didn't tell you the details.
You were afraid I'd overthink?
So you didn't overthink?
Do I look like someone
Who would overthink?
If you didn't overthink,
Why are you here?
I was just passing by.
You were tailing me.
According to our agreement,
I only promised
To take care of your daily life,
But it doesn't mean I have no freedom.
Who I want to see
And what I want to do
Are my own freedom.
What do you mean by your freedom?
Isn't this your job?
I sent you a bunch of messages,
Asking you which brand of soy sauce,
What vegetables
And what eggs I should buy,
And whether they should be organic or not.
How am I supposed to know the differences?
You didn't reply to any of my messages.
I did reply.
When did you reply?
-Check your phone to see if you replied. -I only didn't reply about the eggs.
That's because you're already 28,
And you're an adult.
I can't believe you don't even know
What eggs to buy.
It's none of your business whether I know
When I ask, you have to answer.
Do you think you're a bossy CEO?
Hold this.
Carry one for me. This is heavy.
Can't you be reasonable?
♪ I'mma take a frozen heart ♪
♪ Someone's gonna make it ♪
♪ In the building of my broken part ♪
So you can sleep well in this way?
♪ Someone's gonna fix it ♪
♪ I'm the only one guy with the ten things crime ♪
I can sleep well in this way.
♪ I deserve a sanction in my mind ♪
♪ Nescience doesn't mean ♪
♪ That I can fly ♪
Don't move.
♪ Long time no see ♪
♪ You haven't been here ♪
♪ Stop watch has seen the changes ♪
If you do this, I can't sleep.
I don't care if you can sleep.
♪ I'm sure you won't forget ♪
It's fine if I can sleep.
♪ The door you ever knocked ♪
Ms. Zhou Wan.
Someone sent you flowers again.
Wan.
Who is it this time?
Xin.
I have one more thing.
Please go to
The Project Archives Room at Lan Yue's headquarters
And help me pull out all the documents
For Phase I.
The more detailed, the better.
Because I want to see
If there is anything we can
Learn from for Phase II.
Okay. I'll go right now.
[Dear Miss Zhou, just like you, these flowers
Hello, Miss Zhou.
[are attractive at first sight. Huang Hui]
Did you see my flowers?
Mr. Huang, thank you.
I already told you last time
You didn't have to buy me flowers.
Ever since I met you
For the first time,
I've truly felt that
Flowers must be paired with a beauty.
Mr. Huang, you also
Briefly learned about
Our project last time.
Today, I will arrive at your company
At the agreed time
To have a detailed discussion with you
And align our needs with yours.
Do you think that's okay?
Miss Zhou,
I was just about to tell you about this.
I need to go on a business trip this afternoon
For some urgent matters.
So,
I have to rush to
A club in the suburbs to get prepared.
Look. If it's convenient for you,
Can you come to the club
So that we can talk face to face?
Or maybe
We can make another appointment when you're back
From the business trip?
This business trip will take a long time.
If you really want to talk,
I can only spare this little bit
Of time this afternoon.
I'll text you the address.
Hello?
This way, please.
[Record]
Mr. Huang.
[Standard Mode]
Miss Zhou from Lan Yue is here.
Let her in.
Okay.
Please come in, Miss Zhou.
Mr. Huang is right inside.
Hello, Mr. Huang.
I'm sorry
For making you come all this way here.
I really had no choice.
I need to go on a business trip urgently this afternoon.
So,
I had to rush over here to prepare these things.
Have a seat.
You are too polite, Mr. Huang.
This is the cooperation framework
We've come up with
Based on our previous communication.
You can take a look.
If there's any...
Look. I've been so busy that
I forgot to ask you
What you would like to drink.
Coffee?
Soft drinks?
Or...
Some alcohol?
You are too kind. I'm not thirsty.
I'm allergic to alcohol.
Okay.
Miss Zhou, at such a young age,
You're alreday a deputy director.
I think you must be very smart
And very resourceful.
I'm glad that
I can have a chance
To experience it today.
Look! The wine spilled on you!
Come on. Let me wipe it for you.
-I'll help you change into another outfit. -I'm sorry.
Okay?
We can't continue today.
Stop pretending!
Let go of me!
Don't you dare touch me again!
Are you crazy?
How dare you spray something on me?
Don't you want to collaborate
With our company anymore?
I won't let you off!
Alright. That's enough for now.
Amazing.
Let me see how to deal with
Your clothes.
Let me smooth them out for you. Come on.
My motorcycle is broken.
Can you fix it, sir?
Not today.
Can't you see I'm busy looking after my child?
Look who's here!
What a rare guest!
You've been back from abroad for so long,
And I've called you so many times,
But you never came over.
Today, why are you...
After being busy for a couple of days,
I had some free time, so I came to visit you.
This is my son.
-Uncle Lu. -Is this stuff of yours
Still useful or not?
If not, I'll just sell it as scrap.
That item can't be bought anymore now.
It's a vintage part.
Let me make an introduction.
This is...
Xixiao,
Lu Xixiao,
The one I often tell you about.
Lu Xixiao.
Right.
This is my wife.
Come out now.
Don't let our guest hold the baby.
Sit here.
Let's go inside and play.
Come on, Rice Ball. I'll play with you.
What is this?
She tends to throw away everything of mine.
It's been 10 years. It can't be bought now.
How is it? This place has changed a lot, right?
It hasn't changed much.
Luo He is dead.
When did it happen?
Just a few days ago.
He was imprisoned for a few years.
He still goofed off after being released from prison.
He drank every day
And partied every night.
Later, he drank so much
That he drank himself to death.
Do you know
Why I'm telling you this?
Why?
I want you to drink less.
Don't worry.
I don't drink much anyway.
It's been so many years
Since that happened.
Luo He is dead, too.
I think some things
Should just fade away.
They faded away a long time ago.
Do you still like her?
If you like her,
Just put more effort in your relationship with her.
Why do you have to make this so heartbreaking?
Even in an idol drama,
Shouldn't there be
A happy ending by now?
She's living in my place.
What?
What? What?
Well, you've been back from abroad for so long,
But you never came visit me.
It turns out you have someone like a little heater at home
That gives your warmth secretly.
She's just staying in my place for a couple of days.
When she can't stay there anymore,
She'll leave.
Will that day really come?
It isn't that easy to forget the girl
You had a crush on
When you were a boy, right?
I don't know whether that day
Will really come or not.
But anyway, with her staying by my side,
It won't be so unbearable at least.
As for this newspaper...
Look. It's so worn out.
But it's not broken yet.
I remember
My father kept this
When the building materials factory
He worked for went bankrupt.
It's so dirty.
Why are you still keeping it?
It's been 20 years, but it's not broken yet.
[The "Quality Scandal" of Jun'an Building Materials Led to Bankruptcy]
[The Entrepreneurial Role Model Faces Huge Debts and Charges]
Let me take a look.
[A Family Tragedy Caused by Dishonesty in Quality]
[The Commercial Vicissitudes of Zhou Jun, the Building Materials Businessman]
The quality is good.
[The "Quality Scandal" of Jun'an Building Materials Led to Bankruptcy]
[The Entrepreneurial Role Model Faces Huge Debts and Charges]
Look! The wine spilled on you!
I'm sorry.
[Audio]
Let me wipe it for you.
Come on. Let me wipe it for you.
-I'll help you change into another outfit. -I'm sorry.
Okay?
We can't continue today.
Stop pretending!
Let go of me!
Hello, Xixiao.
Hello?
Help me find
A reliable information consulting company.
I need to look into something.
Hey,
You refused to take charge of this art exhibition
And turned to work on urban construction,
And now you're playing the mystery detective game,
Huh?
I'm telling you to find it, so just do it.
Do it now, and text it to me when you find it.
Okay, okay, okay.
It's just like I owing this to you.
Don't delay submitting the drafts.
Okay. I got it.
What are you listening to?
I'm in a meeting.
I'll send the documents
To you later.
[The "Quality Scandal" of Jun'an Building Materials Led to Bankruptcy]
[The Entrepreneurial Role Model Faces Huge Debts and Charges]
[Huang Hui]
[Huang Hui, 25 Missed Calls]
[The "Quality Scandal" of Jun'an Building Materials Led to Bankruptcy]
[The Entrepreneurial Role Model Faces Huge Debts and Charges]
Morning, Wan.
Morning.
[Lan Yue Group]
You asked me to find the documents
Of Phase I of the resort,
But these files are not in the Project Archives Room.
They said 20 years ago,
The archives room was not well established yet.
Each manager probably
Kept the files
Respectively.
So the documents of Phase I of the resort
-are kept by Mr. Lu? -What are you talking about?
Nothing.
So you're Zhou Wan?
Yes.
What are you doing?
You shameless woman!
How dare you seduce my husband?
You behave so badly at such a young age!
You little home wrecker!
You have such a promiscuous lifestyle.
Come on, everyone! Come take a look!
Everyone in the back, come take a look!
-Come and catch the mistress now! -There's a mistress here!
Nowadays, some young girls
Are really so unscrupulous
In order to snatch men from their wives.
Let me tell you.
Xinghai and Lan Yue can collaborate.
But you
-must leave Lan Yue! -Who are you asking to leave?
I'll make you leave, believe it or not!
What are you talking about in broad daylight?
You must be Mrs. Huang.
I advise you to figure out
Some facts first.
Otherwise, I'll sue you
For personal attacks and defamation.
Who are you suing for personal attacks?
Don't you dare touch her! I'd like to see who dares to touch her!
Stop making trouble here! Get out!
Out!
You're really something.
Don't think you'll be fine
Just because two men are protecting you.
Let me tell you!
I won't let you off!
You behave so badly at such a young age!
Leave at once!
Where are the security guards?
Hurry up! Leave at once!
Hurry! Leave at once!
You're amazing, Xin.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. Where did you get the crutch?
It's mine.
The crutch is mine.
I'm sorry!
I still need to return the crutch.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry.
It's alright.
Don't throw it on the ground like that next time.
Okay, okay, okay.
Thank you.
Where did you pop up from?
Let me tell you guys.
If it weren't for me today,
Director Zhou's face
Would have been scratched.
At that time, I just took
A crutch like this, and I...
What happened?
I tried to hit them with the crutch.
-He asked me to drink once I went in. -Those three women ran away. Then what?
-After that... -The guards didn't even move! Three women!
-He stood up even without wearing pants. -Well, the one beside them...
Then he came over and started to
Touch me with his filthy hands.
Stop making noise!
Can't you hear this?
We are talking inside here.
What?
I was fine.
I brought pepper spray
And a personal alarm.
What's more, I also recorded it
Just to prevent this.
I'll give you some time off.
Go home and get a good rest for a couple of days.
But tonight,
I might go back late.
There's something I need to handle.
You said it.
I said it.
So I can really take some time off?
You can really take some time off.
Wei!
Go investigate Xinghai Entertainment.
Okay.
[Analysis of Target Guest Groups]
[01 High-End Vacation Guest Group]
[02 Corporate Team-Building and Conference Guests]
[03 Young-Parent-Child Family Group]
Wan,
Take a look at what I've sent you.
Xinghai Entertainment is in chaos.
There are already over a dozen victims
[Huang Hui, CEO of Xinghai Entertainment, was accused of]
Who have stepped forward.
There are also some audio recordings
[harassing female employees for a long time.]
And chat logs that have been leaked.
[Multiple victims spoke out.]
There are heated debates online.
[Key Audio Recordings Are Exposed: Naked Threats in Business Negotiations]
[03 Young-Parent-Child Family Group]
-Hello? -Hello?
This... This is Jiang Fan.
I need to talk to Xixiao about something urgent.
He didn't answer my call.
Are you at home?
Then please help me find something.
I need Xixiao's
Award certificate.
Award certificate?
Yes.
Yes, please help me find it.
Do you know where it is?
It seems to be in a cabinet in his room.
Which cabinet in his room?
Which cabinet?
I don't know.
Just help me search all the cabinets. Okay?
I have something else to do.
-I have to hang up now. -Then later, will you
Ask a courier to come pick it up or...
[Fluoxetine]
[Certificate of Honor]
[Psychological Counseling Record]
September 5, 2016.
Rainy.
Autumn has arrived,
But it doesn't feel like it.
The weather is still hot,
And it's still noisy.
[The sunshine is strong, which makes my eyes hurt.]
It still feels like summer.
[The cicadas are still chirping tirelessly.]
[And I feel everything is eerily quiet.]
[It's so quiet that I can hear my own heartbeat.]
December 15, 2016.
Sunny.
It's snowing.
The sound of the snow is loud.
I still can't fall asleep today.
January 1, 2018.
Sunny.
This winter, I hid in the snowless
Southern Hemisphere.
It's another
Meaningless New Year's Eve.
I suffer from insomnia
On every statutory
Happy holiday.
November 18, 2022.
Sunny.
I'd like to say happy birthday to myself.
She wished I could always dare to love and hate,
And everything could go smoothly for me forever.
As things stand now,
Blessings feel like curses.
I only feel numb.
I'm only living in the past,
And I'm only haunted by nightmares.
March 25, 2025.
Sunny.
Happy birthday to you.
May 28, 2026.
Sunny.
I can't believe she hasn't changed at all.
How dare she not change at all?
June 9, 2026.
Sunny.
If getting entangled again
Feels like this,
We might as well keep being entangled.
Are you going to cook?
What's wrong?
You taught me before.
Have you forgotten it?
You didn't mention it,
And I could hardly remember it.
I can only make some
Very simple dishes.
Just make do with them.
Apron.
Now you know how to play nice, huh?
You actually didn't have to
Do all this for me.
Xinghai and Lan Yue
Have had many long-term collaborations before.
Now that you've done this,
Lan Yue will probably lose a
Long-term partner.
A tall tree catches the wind.
With so many people watching,
I don't want...
I don't want you and the project
To be further affected by me.
No one can bully you,
Except me.
Clean up the table.
Dinner is almost ready.
I'm sorry.
Stop apologizing.
Next time, if you get bullied,
Just fight back.
Are you ill?
I saw your
Psychotherapy report.
I didn't do it on purpose.
Zhou Wan.
My illness
Wasn't caused by you.
After my mom passed away,
I started to suffer from insomnia.
During that time, I was
Pretty depressed.
Back then, you might not have noticed
Anything wrong with me,
But...
I knew exactly
What state I was in.
What's more, after you appeared,
Those symptoms disappeared gradually.
So it was not your fault.
Now that you're here,
I actually can sleep better.
I once resented you indeed.
However,
Didn't you also hold my hand
And tell me this when we were
High in the air?
From now on, we have to move forward
And move up.
Actually, for all these years,
What you said back then
Has helped me get through many tough times.
So, if we really think about it,
You don't owe me anything.
If you want to leave,
You can leave anytime.
Haven't you said that
When I'm here,
You can sleep a bit better?
I won't leave until
I see you recover.
Zhou Wan, I don't want you
-to this just because of your... -I'm not doing this out of guilt.
Nor am I...
Nor am I doing this out of pity for you.
I genuinely want you to be well.
Even if we might not be able to
Go back to how we used to be,
Even if we can't remain friends,
Or even if you might still hate me,
I really hope
You can be okay.
Alright.
Then I also want you to know
You've never been the cause of my illness,
But the cure.
Are you going to eat
This bowl of noodles or not?
You...
You're holding my hands.
I can't eat it.
Do you want me to feed you?
No.
Focus on the road ahead.
This is the information we've gathered
About the bankruptcy
Of Jun'an Building Materials Factory.
As it's been 20 years,
There's not much we could collect.
So the product quality issue back then
Was caused by the materials?
Before that,
The profitability of Jun'an Building Materials Factory
Was just average,
But the reputation of its products
Was pretty good.
After that incident,
They couldn't hold on anymore,
And they soon went bankrupt.
I think at that time,
The construction of Phase I
Of Lan Yue Resort was under preparation.
According to our investigation,
Lan Yue did send someone
To contact Zhou Jun privately back then
As they wanted to acquire Jun'an Building Materials Factory.
But the deal fell through.
Later, Jun'an Building Materials Factory
Went bankrupt, didn't it?
So they missed that
Opportunity to be acquired.
Now can we still find
The suppliers who provided materials for
Jun'an Building Materials Factory at that time?
It has been really a long time.
In this industry,
The recorded information was limited back then,
With high mobility.
Many companies changed names
Or went bankrupt.
We can only do our best.
Alright.
Thanks for your help.
If you can find
Even just
A bit of a clue,
Let me know as soon as possible, too.
Okay. Don't worry.
We'll certainly do our best.
Let's keep in touch.
Okay.
Have you seen the recent trending topics?
The Xinghai incident is getting bigger.
I've heard
Someone suggested a strict internal investigation
Into Xinghai Entertainment.
It's that serious?
Huang Hui is really ruthless.
He got married
And then took over his father-in-law's company.
I didn't expect he would dare to do this.
I've heard Mrs. Huang
Is truly ruthless.
Previously in their company,
The young women who had been harassed
Were all fired by her personally.
It can't be.
Isn't she quite ruthless?
-Wan. -Wan.
Hello.
Wan.
Why are you coming to work so soon?
Why don't you rest for a few more days?
I'm fine.
Don't let it delay my work.
Wan, we all know
You suffered a great grievance
For the company this time.
It's not really a grievance.
It's just that thinking about it afterwards,
I still feel a bit sad.
Huang Hui was punished this time.
But for those victims,
Losing their jobs
Is an established fact.
And now people are gossiping
About them once again.
This is secondary damage.
But there's some good news.
After our company's HR Department found out about it,
They specifically opened up
A reporting channel.
If this happens again,
They will immediately
Protect our privacy
And personal safety.
Have some jelly and cheer up.
In the future, when you socialize with clients,
You can also
Designate me
As your emergency contact.
We can look out for each other.
Okay.
Give you a Like.
Let's get ready for the meeting.
-Wan is always the considerate one. -Director Jiang.
Director Jiang.
It's time for the meeting.
Hello.
Mr. Lu.
What's wrong?
Why are you pulling a long face?
What happened?
N-Nothing.
Nothing.
Then let's
Officially begin now.
Originally, our first choice
Was Xinghai Entertainment.
But you all know
The situation now.
The only ones left are Wanhehui
And Chaoshang Global
That have this kind of capability.
Yes, but Wanhehui
Insists on having operational autonomy
And won't budge on the revenue split.
This means that
More than half of our resort
Will be operated for their benefits.
It's hard for Chaoshang Global's IP
To be compatible with
The theme of our project.
If we collaborate with them,
The entire plan might need to be adjusted.
Don't we still have
A backup plan?
It's to collaborate with
Multiple brands that have their own IP
On separate projects.
Good idea.
Although this will
Increase the subsequent management costs,
The configuration will be more flexible,
And the total cost will also be reduced.
I currently have
Many high-quality resources.
They're quite specialized in their respective fields.
We can try to contact them.
This model is okay,
But there is a problem.
If too many brands
Are mixed together,
It will reduce our recognition.
In the end, it won't
Come out well.
Therefore,
The consumer experience
Will be degraded.
Let's think about it.
How about this?
Zhao Lei, Cheng Feng, you two...
Can work with Director Jiang
To screen out a list of partners
That fit our brand tone
As much as you can.
-Okay. -Got it.
Director Jiang.
Is that okay?
No problem.
Without Xinghai Entertainment,
The Earth is still turning as usual.
Good.
Well...
I still have another
Very bold idea.
How bold is it?
Very bold.
You really dare to think big.
You actually thought of
Creating our own IP.
Where did you get your confidence?
Aunt, considering our current situation,
Instead of settling for less every day,
Why not take bold steps
To create a brand-new
IP system that belongs
To us?
Isn't that great?
But you should know
Maintaining our collaboration with Xinghai
Is currently the safest
And the most effective direction.
I know.
But with the way
Xinghai's management staff behave,
Something will go wrong sooner or later.
It will also bring huge risks
And hidden dangers to our project.
Besides,
Xinghai has been so unscrupulous
For so long.
Isn't that because of
Their relationship with Lu Zhongyue?
Don't you want to take this opportunity
To remove this tumor
And bring in fresh blood?
Then let me ask you a question first.
Are you planning to do this
Because Zhou Wan suffered a grievance,
Or you've seriously considered
Whether it would benefit Lan Yue?